premium: Changefeed supports Alibaba Cloud (#22070)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/set-up-sink-private-endpoint.md

</div>

<CustomContent plan="premium">

<div label="Alibaba Cloud">

If your changefeed downstream service is hosted on Alibaba Cloud, collect the following information:

- The name of the Private Endpoint Service for your downstream service
- The availability zones (AZs) where your downstream service is deployed

> It is necessary to whitelist TiDB Cloud's Alibaba Cloud account ID for your endpoint service to grant the TiDB Cloud VPC access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant TiDB Cloud VPC access, you must add the TiDB Cloud's Alibaba Cloud account ID to your endpoint service allowlist.
```

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#blacklist
Don't use blacklist, whitelist, and graylist.

If the Private Endpoint Service is not available for your downstream service, follow [Step 2. Expose the Kafka cluster as Private Link Service](/tidb-cloud/setup-azure-self-hosted-kafka-private-link-service.md#step-2-expose-the-kafka-cluster-as-private-link-service) to set up the load balancer and the Private Link Service.

</div>

</CustomContent>

> </SimpleTab>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

</CustomContent>

</SimpleTab>
```

</div>

<CustomContent plan="premium">

<div label="Alibaba Cloud">

1. On the **Networking** page, click **Create Private Endpoint** in the **Alibaba Cloud Private Endpoint for Changefeed** section.
2. In the **Create Private Endpoint for Changefeed** dialog, enter a name for the private endpoint.

> 3. Follow the reminder to  whitelist TiDB Cloud's Alibaba Cloud account ID for your endpoint service to grant the TiDB Cloud VPC access , see [Manage account IDs in the whitelist of an endpoint service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/privatelink/user-guide/add-and-manage-service-whitelists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Follow the reminder to add TiDB Cloud's Alibaba Cloud account ID to your endpoint service allowlist to grant TiDB Cloud VPC access. For more information, see [Manage account IDs in the whitelist of an endpoint service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/privatelink/user-guide/add-and-manage-service-whitelists).
```
